Cloud Co-work recently launched plugins
and billions of dollars in SAS market
cap were instantly wiped out. Plugins
could potentially change the software
landscape and I think will fundamentally
change the way people and companies do
work. So in this video I'll show you
what plugins are, show you real examples
of how to use them and how to set them
up for yourself and I'll explain why
plugins could potentially create a whole
new economy and change the SAS landscape
forever. Uh if you haven't used it yet,
Cloud Co-work was recently launched by
Entropic and it's a game changanger
because Cloud can now access files on
your computer here. It can access any
software you use and use skills in order
to automate uh some of your day-to-day
tasks and workflows. Now, if you haven't
used Cloud Co yet, I released a full
tutorial recently which I'll make sure
to link in the description below too,
but you should be able to follow this
video too if you don't know the tool
yet. Now, Entropic just added plugins to
which you can find here in the bottom
left corner. And as you can see,
Enthropic has already built some of
these plugins for us across all business
departments. So we have sales,
productivity, product management, legal,
finance, uh customer support, etc. Now,
the idea from Entropic is to basically
create these plugins packaged into job
departments. So each plug-in basically
becomes a specialist in that job
function. For example, we have the
customer support plugin here with
specific connectors to customer service
platforms and skills on how to do
specific tasks relevant to customer
support like customer research, response
drafting and escalation. I can use these
plugins and skills by just adding a
slash go to plugins and then for example
go to sales and go to the call prep
skill. But I can also just tell Claude I
want to prepare for a sales call and it
would automatically assume I want to use
that skill. Now, these entropic plugins
are great, but as every company or
person is unique, I think the real
unlock is by creating or customizing
them for yourself. Now, before showing
you some examples and how to set them
up, let me quickly explain what exactly
these plugins are, why they can be more
powerful than just skills, and how these
might fundamentally change the SAS
landscape and the way we work. Now, the
simple way to think about plugins is you
can basically see them like a USB stick
that you can plug into your cloud AI
agent to give it specific expertise. And
the plug-in consists of a set of skills,
tools, and commands. It's not a new
concept. It's already been rolled out in
cloud code. And Antropics basically
using cloud co-work to make all of these
new innovations accessible to the
non-developer community and to build it
in an environment where it's actually
safe for employees and companies to use
it internally. And that's why I think
we'll see huge adoption of cloud co-work
this year. Now, let me walk you through
these concepts quickly because it's good
to understand. So, first we have skills.
Now, if you don't know it yet, you can
see skills basically as specific
capabilities. They have a general
instruction on how to execute a task or
a workflow. And this is laid out in a
skill MD file, which you can basically
see as a system prompt. A skill can then
also have specific knowledge sources
included that it can use to execute on
this process or task. It can have
instructions on how to use tools and
even how to spin up some sub agents,
etc. For example, I've created a
LinkedIn writer skill for myself that
can write in my tone of voice. And in
the skill MD, it's just the instructions
on how to execute this process, how to
use the knowledge sources, when to use
tools, etc. So, you can see the steps
are laid out in the skill MD, which is
just a markdown format, basically a
system prompt. And then we have
supporting reference document like my
profile background, hook templates, ICP,
LinkedIn examples, voice personality,
and what we do. So I'm building many of
these skills out for myself for my daily
tasks and workflows. For example, we
also have a case study one here. Here I
triggered the case study one with a
slash. It then loaded the skill to
understand how we do case studies. It
asked me for a transcript which I gave
it and it went through the process of
creating a case study according to my
brand's guidelines. You can see here if
you want to use or customize some of our
skills, you can also check out my AI
community uh where we list all the
skills we build internally. And then
second, we have connections. Of course,
through connections, Cloud can now
connect to all our softwares. We have
built-in connectors from Entropic. We
can use MCPs. We can use the browser MCP
to let Cloud use a browser to access any
software that doesn't have an MCP yet.
And of course, we can give Cloud access
to files on our computer now too. And in
the case study uh scale, for example, I
could have added a step where after it's
generated the PowerPoint, it should
update my CMS um with the link of the
PowerPoint. And I think the reason why
these connectors are packaged into
plugins and not on a companywide level
is because I think companies will not
want the customer service team for
example to have access to the sales
softwares and the other way around. So
companies will be able to give specific
software access to specific departments.
Then lastly we have commands or slash
commands and you can basically just see
them as triggers. It's just a word you
use to trigger a specific skill like my
LinkedIn writer skill. But maybe even
more powerful with these commands is we
can now set up what we call agentic
workflows. And this is basically a
specific instruction on how to use
multiple skills together into one
workflow to automate even more complex
tasks. For example, for my YouTube
repurposing, I can string together the
instructions on using the LinkedIn
writer skill, then the infographic
creator skill, and the newsletter writer
skill, all with one command. And this
can slowly start to look more like
automating more complex workflows like
you would do in naden or maybe mate.com
etc. So for example in my marketing
plug-in I have a command set up with
repurposing and this is just another MD
file with specific instructions
involving multiple uh skills. So you can
see step one invoke LinkedIn post skill
and step three is invoke the give
creator skill. So it's just multiple
skills mapped together into one
workflow. So you can see here I used the
repurposing command and inside of this
workflow it used the LinkedIn postwriter
skill, the gift creator skill and the
newsletter writer. So it created a
LinkedIn post according to my style here
a visual and a gift for the LinkedIn
post and a newsletter in my tone of
voice. Now I purposely built in a lot of
human in the loop but they can be much
more autonomous too. Now before showing
you how to set them up and customize
them for yourself uh let me quickly go
over why this is likely going to be a
big deal and why the SAS market is a
little bit in panic. First of all,
through these plugins, we can now uh
store all of these common workflows and
tasks for each department in a business
in uh into a plug-in. And through cloud
co-work, anyone now without any
technical understanding in a business
can start automating their day-to-day
tasks and workflows across softwares
through skills and agentic workflows.
And they can be easily made and improved
without any technical understanding by
just prompting it. They also become very
easily sharable and usable by anyone in
the business. For example, my developer
can now use my uh LinkedIn writer skill
to write a LinkedIn post according to my
specific workflow with my domain
expertise and knowledge sources embedded
and any new employee like this will be
able to do the job 10 times faster. And
this setup could potentially of course
be much bigger than just automating a
few tasks. We are still early with this.
We're definitely not there yet. But of
course the potential for cloud co-work
or an AI agent is to become the main
interface for a person or a business to
do work. Most of us jump between uh 15
different tools and softwares every day,
each with their own interface, with
their own learning curve. But with
plugins, cloud can basically be in the
middle of all of that. You talk to one
interface only and cloud can access all
of these softwares through plugins and
connections. I predict that cloud
co-work specifically will uh slowly but
more importantly safely start to add the
most popular features from cloud code
and open cloud uh like persistent memory
proactive messages maybe multi- aent
teams to make it actually usable for an
average business and a non-developer and
of course SAS companies can be
threatened by this when anthropic
launched plugins companies like
Salesforce service now and Adobe all saw
their stock drop uh because of course if
the main interface for work really is
slowly becoming agentic through cloud
Google or OpenAI, it probably becomes a
superior interface instead of hopping
between different tools all the time.
Now, are all of these SAS going to be
wiped out? Nobody really knows. I think
we're still very early, but one
potential outcome could be that uh these
SAS businesses will build their own
plugins. Some SAS companies are already
planning to do this. Um, but maybe
plugins can potentially become the way a
SAS survives. They can build plugins
with their unique workflows, tools, and
functions and potentially plug them into
an Enthropic or OpenAI plug-in
marketplace. And I potentially see three
types of plug-in appear. Um, first we'll
have the Entropicuilt plugins. Right
now, Entropic has released these open
source plugins for the most common
business departments, but they've
already confirmed that organizationwide
sharing and private plug-in marketplaces
are coming soon to make them more
accessible to businesses. Then second, I
think we'll see uh thirdparty provider
plugins coming up. Maybe SAS companies
will start building their own plugins.
We'll probably see other builders
providing plugins that could potentially
become monetizable. And then lastly, of
course, we will have loads of customuilt
plugins because every business has
unique workflows and and ways of doing
work. We've been doing this internally.
We've building out our own Beni
marketplace with plugins across each of
our company departments. And that's
really what I think you should be
exploring right now, building your own
custom plugins. So how do you set them
up and customize them for yourself? Now
there are two main paths. First, we can
use the existing entropic and thirdparty
provider skills and uh plugins and
customize them for our unique workflows
and and ways of working. Entropic made
this really easy to do because in the
skills we can basically just use a skill
and ask cla to adapt the skill. For
example, in the draft outreach message,
uh we can uh tell CL inside of the
window, please adjust uh the draft
outreach scale and add, let's say, some
examples of your outreach templates. You
can also easily customize an entire
plug-in here from Entropic by just going
here to the plugin and clicking
customize. And you'll see that you can
just talk to Claude and customize this
specific sales plugin for your company.
Now, using and customizing these
pre-built ones uh is definitely useful,
but I think the real unlock is by
building your own. And the way I
recommend doing it is by creating skills
first. Once you have a set of skills,
you can bundle them into a plug-in. And
then, if you want to automate more
complex workflows, you can chain
multiple of these skills together into a
gentic command. So, how do you set up
these skills? Again, really easy. You
can either just tell Claude, can you
help me create a skill that helps me
with my YouTube packaging? I lay out the
process of my YouTube packaging with
some additional documents or references.
and Claude then creates a skill that we
can add to our library. And the second
way is to use some of your old projects
or custom GPTs and transform them into
skills, which I've been doing a lot.
Again, you can just throw in the system
prompt and any specific documentation
you had in your project and CLA can
build a skill out of it. Now, if you've
already built some skills and you want
to bundle it into a plug-in and maybe
add some agentic commands to it, uh
again, you can do it really easily in
Entropic. You can literally just ask
clot, can you create a plugin for me?
Then you can define which skills,
connectors, etc. you want to include and
Cloud can build the plugin for you. So
you can see it built the entire plugin
here and then I can just click add to
plugins. Now an important note here is
that all of these plugins or skills that
you create on your own cloth co-work
account will only be locally saved. So
if you want to use this across your
business, other people will not have
access to it yet. So the easiest way to
do that is by just ask to give you a zip
file so I can share the plug-in across
my team. Right? Cloud will then give you
a zip file which you can open, share to
other people and other people can then
go into their plug-in section and upload
that zip file here. Now, I think Cloud
Co is going to make this sharing
internally of plugins and even
externally a lot easier very soon. But
for now, if you want to internally or
even externally want to share these
plugins or even marketplaces, which are
groups of plugins, uh you'd either have
to do it through zip files or through
GitHub. You'd most likely have to set up
a marketplace together with clot code.
Now, uh, Entropic released a full guide
on how to do this, which I'll make sure
to link in the description below, too,
if you're interested in actually
deploying it maybe on a marketplace or
really companywide through a GitHub
link. But again, I think Cloudco work
will make this a lot easier very soon.
Again, if you want to check out some of
the plugins and skills we've been
creating internally, you can check out
my AI accelerator community in the link
in the description where we also do
weekly AI workshops where we dive a lot
deeper into these tools. We also have
unlimited one-on-one tech help and go to
market help available whenever you need
and blueprints on starting your own AI
business. So definitely check it out if
you want to dive a little bit deeper
into AI and potentially building your
own AI business. Thank you so much for
watching. If you enjoyed this video, I
highly appreciate a like and a
subscribe. It really does help me. And
if you want to learn more about claw
co-work, you can check out the video
here above.